# Frequently Asked Questions

## My GameObject isn't appearing but there are no errors in the log

The reasons this can break vary from asset to asset, but in general the two most common problems are:

* You didn't set the spawned game object's position (using something like `gameObject.transform.position = ...`)
* There are components on the game object that are causing it to disappear. Common examples include
  - PersistentBoolItem
  - TestGameObjectActivator
  - DeactivateIfPlayerDataTrue
  - DeactivateIfPlayerDataFalse

You should inspect the asset in question to see if any components might be causing problems.

## What is Scene vs Non-Scene?

Scene assets are assets in scene bundles, which are bundles in the `scenes_scenes_scenes` folder.

Non-scene assets are assets in non-scene bundles, which are all other bundles in the StandaloneX
assetbundle folder.

## How do I figure out the asset name for a non-scene asset?

You can use the Dump All Asset Names button in AssetHelperMenu to find a list of all
assets you might want to request across all non-scene bundles.

## I keep getting errors when using AssetHelper?

Check if your error messages are of any of the following types:

* `[Warning:AssetHelper.Lib] Did not find ... in bundle

Make sure your asset name is correct. The name should be given as a path
of the form `root/.../parent/child`. You can use the dump scene feature
in AssetHelperMenu to obtain a list of all game object paths in a scene.

* `Exception of type 'UnityEngine.AddressableAssets.InvalidKeyException' was thrown. No Location found for ...`

Make sure you have requested your asset during your plugin's Awake method. Constructing a ManagedAsset during
Awake should make the request, but if it's not working then you may want to make the request explicitly using
the @"Silksong.AssetHelper.Plugin.AssetRequestAPI" class.

If you are not able to reproduce an error of this type which has been submitted as a bug report by a user,
try deleting the AssetHelper cache folder (in the BepInEx/cache directory).

* `The referenced script ... is missing`

This often indicates a bug with AssetHelper. Feel free to ignore the issue if there are no gameplay effects;
otherwise feel free to file an [issue report](https://github.com/silksong-modding/Silksong.AssetHelper/issues).

## My game is crashing when I use AssetHelper to load assets?

This is possibly a bug with AssetHelper related to asset dependencies,
please file an [issue report](https://github.com/silksong-modding/Silksong.AssetHelper/issues)
and include details about which asset is causing the crash, as well as the log files.

## What if there are multiple assets in the scene with the same name?

You can use the @"Silksong.AssetHelper.ManagedAssets.ManagedAssetList`1" class to load the asset.
Use the @"Silksong.AssetHelper.ManagedAssets.ManagedAssetList`1.FromSceneAsset(System.String,System.String)"
method to construct a ManagedAssetList instance (during Awake) as normal, and then you can
instantiate the asset you care about using the
@"Silksong.AssetHelper.ManagedAssets.ManagedAssetExtensions.InstantiateAsset``1(Silksong.AssetHelper.ManagedAssets.ManagedAssetList{``0},System.Func{``0,System.Boolean})"
extension.

## What if the GameObject I want to load has a slash in its name?

In this case AssetHelper may have difficulty finding the object.

* If the offending GameObject is not a root GameObject, it would be easier to simply load the parent
and then instantiating the child you care about.
* If the offending GameObject is a root GameObject, it may be possible to find a different asset
which does what you want, which has a name without a slash.
* It's possible that requesting and loading the asset as normal will simply work without any fuss.
* If none of the above apply, then you should make some noise on the GitHub issues page
to indicate that it should be a priority.

## What if I can't construct my ManagedAsset during Awake for some reason?

If you request the asset during Awake using the @"Silksong.AssetHelper.Plugin.AssetRequestAPI" class
during your plugin's Awake method,
then you can construct the ManagedAsset at any time.

## What if I want to use the Addressables API?

The ManagedAsset class is intended to provide a layer of abstraction over
the Addressables API. If you'd prefer to use the
[Addressables API](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.addressables@1.20/manual/index.html) directly,
you can easily do so:

* You will still have to request assets to be repacked and catalogued through the
@"Silksong.AssetHelper.Plugin.AssetRequestAPI" class - make sure requests are made during your
plugin's Awake method.
* You can retrieve the keys generated by AssetHelper through the 
@"Silksong.AssetHelper.Plugin.CatalogKeys" class.
